[all:vars]
moosefs_master_host = mfsmasterpro-sgl.windowpa.in
glass_env = sglab

[moosefs]
mfsmaster01.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfsmaster02.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs03.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs04.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs05.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs06.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs07.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs08.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs09.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs10.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package

[moosefs_master]
mfsmaster01.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfsmaster02.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package

[moosefs_metalogger]
mfscs03.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs04.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs05.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs06.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs07.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs08.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs09.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs10.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package

[moosefs_chunkserver]
mfscs03.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs04.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs05.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs06.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs07.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs08.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs09.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs10.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package

[moosefs_client]
mfsmaster01.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs03.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs04.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs05.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs06.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs07.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs08.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs09.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
mfscs10.windowpa.in moosefs_install_method=package
